[Music]
ten signs your relationship is falling
apart you like to talk about equal
rights through respecting each other's
interests in theory it's all good but as
soon as it gets down to practice
everything appears in a different light
what seems to be an equality turns out
to be a feminist the question is can you
see it at first glance do you believe
that financial independence from your
partner is what you need
please sometimes have to deal with your
stress and worries alone are you
constantly compared with somebody else
by your partner especially when the
comparison is not in your favor take a
break you think firmly maybe the
horizons of your relationship are
paulus as you believe them to be in this
video you will get to know some
frequently occurring situations perhaps
that will help you to see your
relationships perspective 10 unequal
spending of time and money on common
needs every day you go out of your way
to hurry for groceries after work and
cook breakfast lunch and dinner because
your partner's used to eating well you
get another job because you can't afford
the whims of your beloved aren't your
wages enough for two don't you think
it's unfair and you know it is even more
unfair when it is you who always
sacrifices their feeling you would
probably agree that sometimes there are
cases when you have to put aside what
ever you feel to support your partner in
a difficult situation but if you have to
do it constantly
well it says if the ground around your
partner seems to be covered with
eggshells and you are walking on them
stephane think very soon you will feel
completely emotionally drained and
exhausted
[Music]
9 when only one of you benefits from
living together your partner lives in
your house and you share food expenses
equally either of you have several
bottles of products in the bathroom
bought specifically for yourselves you
cook and clean up interns seems
everything is alright here but still
unfair also it is very unfair in such a
situation when there is no talk about
the future and that is all you are
waiting for sure it doesn't refer to
partners who've been only dating for a
short period of time otherwise it should
be an alarming sign if your partner
tries to avoid speaking about the future
of your relationship by any means they
might not take it seriously or don't see
you as their life partner is just not
fair to you
alizarin an shal and personal
independence you don't offer each other
financial support in times of trouble
because everyone knows money spoils
relationships there's even a saying that
goes if you want to lose a friend lend
him money it's unfair another alarm bell
here is if you are independent from each
other not only financially but with your
free time as well one day you must catch
yourself thinking that you would rather
spend an evening or two with your
friends rather than with your partner
it's absolutely normal to spend time
away from each other from time to time
but if this thought becomes your
constant companion and if you don't
dream of having some quality time
tete-a-tete with your partner is this
relationship working as it should
[Music]
seven you have no one to rely on and to
trust you know for sure you can't afford
to fault Hill because no one would take
care of you you think your partner will
do but without your care because they're
not your child you can't ask them to
look after your pet or flowers while
you're away you know there's definitely
something wrong with this relationship
the reason for concern is even more
evident if there is no trust does your
partner let you down all the time they
cancel meetings forget about birthdays
fail to buy a much-needed medicine it's
upsetting frustrating but worst of all
it also kills the trust which exists
between you and what kind of
relationship can it be without trust six
face to face with stress you quit trying
to tell your partner about your feelings
because you know there will be no
compassion all you'll hear will be a bit
of any different don't worry everybody
fails you'll get over it
ho ho maybe you have just heard a
warning bell you don't ask each other
for advice because you have no idea what
the others life is about you don't feel
support when you desperately need it
that's definitely not a sign of a
harmonic relationship
sometimes your beloved instead of trying
to help you to cope with the stress of
everyday life it adds to it you know
very peculiar way answer one question
please does your partner like to correct
you whenever an opportunity arises well
it helps them to feel on top making you
feel stupid or belittle especially if it
is a common occurrence if your position
seems to be constantly one down don't
put up with it you are worth so much
more blaming for not being able to do
typically male or female work you're
approached for not being able to repair
a leaking pipe in the kitchen machine
for your pasta which is not nearly as
delicious as your partner's mom's you're
required to start earning like a man or
be a good housewife it's unfair and if
such reproaches are followed by the
silent treatment too bad it is a kind of
emotional manipulation you are unaware
of what to expect and perhaps don't even
know what you have done wrong a critic -
psychologist the person who uses it
longs for power and control of the
situation
[Music]
negative comparison or jealousy you have
to listen to how wonderful her friend's
husband is you know all about the
talents of his pals wife somehow
everyone's forgotten that you were
perfect at the beginning of your
relationship it's unfair it seems you
know where it might lead another problem
you may have encountered can be constant
jealousy what did you talk with that
girl about who was that guy that saw you
it are such question familiar to you
even though according to the statistics
cheating on a partner is the cause of 36
percent of divorces there is no need to
be unfaithful your partner will
repeatedly get jealous anyway quite
often this negative feeling concerns
both appearance such emotions put a
strain on the relationship at the same
time limiting the freedom of the
partners 3 refusal to accept
responsibility and deceit your kids
aren't as gifted as your friends the
wallpaper in your common bedroom you
chose together has somehow become the
result of your bad taste
you're always blamed for everything that
concerns you both
it's absolutely unfair worse than such
accusations can only be deceit your
partner tells you hey I was just hanging
out with my colleagues in a bar near my
work but in fact they were noticed in a
different part of town so the question
should come to your mind why are they
lying if a relationship can't be built
based on truth there is no relationship
when you repeatedly questioned yourself
if something your partner's told you is
true this relationship is not going to
work out - unsuitable hobbies and
annoying habits your philately
collection takes up too much space you
interfere with a TV show because he's so
too lovely is your hobby just weird if
you heard such things from your partner
it's time to pay attention because at
the beginning of your relationship your
hobby didn't bother your partner at all
what has changed what is more there are
these annoying tiny
you have put your lotions all around the
bathroom again is it so hard to take
your cut to the kitchen
if these phrases are said without real
anger hiding behind them it's okay but
if the atmosphere is sizzling with
actual irritation because of tiny
mistakes you have made for harmless
habits you have something has gone wrong
one own interests above all else you
find that you've got too little space on
the shelves although you occupy less
than half several of your canvases have
been thrown out because now it's easier
to breathe your needs aren't equal to
your partners and you believe it's
exactly the way relationships work and
maybe every person on this planet who
wants to get some love it's natural
and if this meat isn't satisfied by your
partner or if they don't even know how
to make you feel loved it could mean the
relationship you have might be doomed
one last thing to remember if you feel
any kind of dependency from your partner
be it emotional psychological or
financial dependency it's an important
sign to rethink your relationship
sometimes it is not too late to come to
a compromise or persuade your partner to
change their behavior
if you have ever found yourself in a
situation similar to any of the ones we
have described press the like button and
share your experience in the comments
send this video to your friends and
remember to subscribe to our Channel